# Coach Script

Parsons problem involves providing a user or student with blocks or lines of code, the goal of reordering them to create a specific solution. Information technology is constantly evolving. With newer ideas, fascinating implementations of several software products are rapidly being produced. With all this advancement, interest in learning programming fundamentals is at an all time high and is slowly becoming a necessity. Parsons problems are designed to test a students understanding of programming without the added pressure of creating code from scratch. It is also a useful tool for introducing basic programming concepts to newly aspiring programmers. For this reason, it is important to explore the different implementations of parsons problem; to really understand why it works and how effective it is, as a teaching tool.

This leads to the next key point, Serious Games. A serious game is a game designed for a specific or primary purpose other than pure entertainment. A more relevant explanation would be, a game that was made to teach a certain idea or concept. extensive research has shown the effectiveness of serious games in teaching several concepts, both coding and non- coding concepts. Combining parsons problem with serious games is what led to the creation of "Coach Script". The goal, of the game is to use code blocks to execute a speific basketball sequence. The sequence varies in difficulty and all options of implementation were explored over an eight month period.
